can trigger movies watch you you fly
you'll fly
you're gonna die
woke up this morning blue sky but I
don't know why my head's aching shaking
naming the tribes before awakening so I
throwed heavy lines can't open my eyes
the lights blinding it flashing me all I
here's a thousand crimes and remember
long ago in the past no worries no loss
just innocent laugh don't know where the
future saw my child blessed with help
strength to arms and legs arrested with
life but sure about its future cause no
isin that I find myself so sweet let's
throw him back a million years like a
fossil trapped in two critical condition
time to run across the alarms reading
it's good I am in the year to seven and
times crying six billion warriors armed
with intention to win the fight I back
to long lost do they realize it's past
midnight
get on bought it I bought one machine
one ride put down your swords who
controls you the true side to all you my
crew head stand back against the wall
just bounce to the beat cause Atika wall
to all your micro heads get back to your
both sides sweep so all your micro head
stand back against the wall just bounce
to the beat causes fickle to all your
micro heads get back to your old self
Oh gently down the stream stay tuned
MOCA I freed when it's hot time time to
develop mankind stay cool take a minute
second sample digit Oh too late mono
guys got your total body and soul in
fact it's more than I'll go a one-way
trip
I can't and dust will flow flow is what
we got but not what your gift is why lay
back and believe with massive massive
attacks from underground fantastic
dynamics without a pound that's what
we're here for
engine is for sounds I care for we don't
need more do you know what I mean if not
come and see me in a minute definite and
indefinite loop and spit that's our Jean
lid can't jump over is in the mix we
meet - all you micro head stand back
against the wall just bounce to the beat
cause Atika wall to all your micro heads
get back to your boats ahead down the
street - all your mind your head stand
back against the wall just bounce to the
beat cause it's too cold to all your
micro heads get back to your hotel row
row row gently down the stream
you